02/24 SSE meeting. 

Attendees:
        David, Amy, Nitin, Phil, Craig
        (Jens had given regrets)


discussed M3 status. Went over milestone tasks
detail, Phil agreed to update web pages to show
"complete", "in progress", etc. Concluded many
should be "in progress" since we know more work is 
needed in M4 to complete. 


Discussed some M4 planning, set goal of having M4 plan
updated by or during next meeting in two weeks. 
Some items mentioned today were:

   1. wsdl has some extension points which logically should 
   move to XML/SSE extension points. Craig will send details. 
   2. need to write up and discuss editor-id-associated-with-content-type-ids 
   proposal. David will write up initial ideas. 
   3. Overall, everyone recognized need to document APIs, 
   cleanup code, etc. (All :)
   4. Craig agreed to debug validation unit test windows failures 
   at EclipseCon :)
   
Offline, Jens communicated he hasn't yet migrated Cheetsheet 
example to M3, but hopes to during EclipseCon!

Nitin discussed breakpoint providers some, plans to remove "DOM" from 
API, and move to TextTools object for generality, ability to evolve, etc.
